c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\VoterSearcher.dll.config
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\VoterSearcher.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\VoterSearcher.pdb
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\obj\Debug\VoterSearcher.dll
c:\users\raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\obj\Debug\VoterSearcher.pdb
C:\Users\Raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\obj\Debug\VoterSearcher.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\ComelecDbLib.dll
C:\Users\Raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Raymond\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\ComelecDbLib.pdb
C:\Users\Raymond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\ElasticSearchWriter.exe
C:\Users\Raymond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Nest.dll
C:\Users\Raymond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Elasticsearch.Net.dll
C:\Users\Raymond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\ElasticSearchWriter.pdb
C:\Users\Raymond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Nest.xml
C:\Users\Raymond\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoterSearcher\VoterSearcher\bin\Elasticsearch.Net.xml
